Add shortcut for Show bitmap (#10603)
cvat-ai/cvat: changelog.d/20260514_183200_add_show_bitmap_shortcut.md

### Added

> - A customizable shortcut for toggling the Show bitmap appearance option.

Reviewer: Please add a PR link

> - A customizable shortcut for toggling the Show bitmap appearance option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A shortcut to show or hide the bitmap layer on 2D annotation view```
